refactor(lint/noUselessElse): ignore else clauses of if that doesn't break (#943)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

New entries must be placed in a section entitled `Unreleased`.
Read our [guidelines for writing a good changelog entry](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog).

## Unreleased

### Analyzer

### CLI

### Configuration

### Editors

### Formatter

### JavaScript APIs

### Linter

#### New features

#### Enhancement

> - Implements [#924](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/924) and [#920](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/920). [noUselessElse](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-else) now ignores `else` clauses that follows at least one `if` statement that doesn't break early. Conttributed by @Conaclos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implements [#924](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/924) and [#920](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/920). [noUselessElse](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-useless-else) now ignores `else` clauses that follow at least one `if` statement that doesn't break early. Contributed by @Conaclos
```
